feat!: Remove form from Dialog (#1582)
Amsterdam/design-system: storybook/src/components/Dialog/Dialog.docs.mdx

## Examples

### Form in a Dialog

Set `method="dialog"` when using a form in Dialog.
This closes the Dialog when submitting the form.
Pass the submit Button to the `footer` prop,
and link it to the form by passing its `id` to the Buttons `form` attribute.

> The Dialog returns the value of the submit Button, so you can check which Button was clicked.

Reviewer: This is still pretty unclear. Maybe we should link to MDN?

```suggestion
The Dialog returns the value of the submit Button, so you can check which Button was clicked.
For more information, see [Handling the return value from the dialog (MDN)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/dialog#handling_the_return_value_from_the_dialog).
```

## Examples

> ### Form dialog
> 
> The `<form method="dialog">` element is a practical way to manage dialogs.
> It simplifies the process by automatically handling the closure and data submission
> when a user interacts with a submit or cancel button. For more complex scenarios,
> developers can opt for custom handling by adding the form as a child element.
> Additionally, creating sticky buttons in a dialog's footer is achievable by placing
> a submit button outside the `<form>` and associating it with the form's ID using the
> `form` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Form in a Dialog

Set `method="dialog"` when using a form in Dialog.
This closes the Dialog when submitting the form.
Pass the submit Button to the `footer` prop,
and link it to the form by passing its `id` to the Buttons `form` attribute.
```

Author: Do we have to capitalise every mention of a component?

Reviewer: [Yup](https://github.com/Amsterdam/design-system/blob/develop/documentation/storybook.md#structure:~:text=Component%20names%20are%20in%20title%20case%20%E2%80%93%20starting%20each%20word%20with%20a%20capital%20letter%20%E2%80%93%20to%20make%20people%20recognise%20them%20as%20such.)

> <Canvas of={DialogStories.FormDialog} className="ams-dialog-story" />

Reviewer: This class seems to be unused.
